caffeinate: add page (#8779)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/caffeinate.md

# caffeinate

> Prevent desktop from sleeping.

> > More information: <https://manned.org/caffeinate>.

Reviewer: The man page is from this source code https://launchpad.net/caffeine

Author: > I think it would make sense to add a new entry for `linux`.
> 
> Reference:
> 
>     * [caffeine](https://manned.org/caffeine)
> 
>     * [caffeinate](https://manned.org/caffeinate)

I used the documentation that @mfrw mentioned in the Issue https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/issues/8138

Reviewer 2: > The man page is from this source code https://launchpad.net/caffeine

I think it is better to use manned as I couldn't find the man page over there.

- Prevent from sleeping for 1 hour (3600 seconds):

> `caffeinate -u -t {{3600}}`

Reviewer: Wait! this program doesn't support this example:
```bash
$ caffeinate 
usage: caffeinate [-h] [-V] COMMAND [ARGUMENT ...]
caffeinate: error: the following arguments are required: COMMAND
$ caffeinate --help
usage: caffeinate [-h] [-V] COMMAND [ARGUMENT ...]

Inhibit desktop idleness for the duration of COMMAND

positional arguments:
  COMMAND        command to run
  ARGUMENT       arguments to COMMAND

options:
  -h, --help     show this help message and exit
  -V, --version  show program's version number and exit
```
Tested on Ubuntu Jammy 22.04

Author: This is true, I forgot to delete this part when I copied the template from the other page apparently, sorry.

# caffeinate

> Prevent desktop from sleeping.
> More information: <https://manned.org/caffeinate>.

> - Prevent from sleeping until you type Ctrl-C:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent from sleeping (use `Ctrl + C` to exit):
```

Reviewer: Or
```suggestion
- Prevent from sleeping until `Ctrl + C` is pressed:
```

> - Prevent from sleeping (use `Ctrl + C` to exit):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Prevent desktop from sleeping (use `Ctrl + C` to exit):
```
